Re: WTF‽

🖖 Hello World,

IDK how I found this email‽ One'd think you'd be leading in the practice of leveraging the agentic agenda to solve your technical support problem, and make your address more readily accessible… (Still afraid of jailbreaking? It's been a while since I wanted to know how to make nukes, and whatnot; it's so last model!)

I deleted all my cache, and cookies, and rebooted; but chatgpt.com is still just a prompt that exclusively supports the typing feature, and without the upload feature.

Network inspection; nevermind, now the prompt disappeared, and the only remaining features supported are the background colour, and the question mark button that does no"-thing" in the bottom left corner (try moving it to a different corner; that one seems cursed, and I fear iff it goes; it will only accelerate the decay rate of the cosmic microwave background radiation, and that spells doom for us all). So crazy it coincidentally occuerrd during email composition, I will stop here; although, I have contemplated industrial espionage, the alternative is o1 told you it was a good idea for a publicity stunt.

LIVE LONG AND PROSPER \V/,
AGENT S.
🕴
Migrating Infestive Bugs !!

PS:
I got openai.com to sai "Application error: a client-side exception has occurred (see the browser console for more information)." in the middle of the page; what a thought provoking CSS feature.
I got chatgpt.com to sai "404 page not found" as a plain text file.
Now they stopped doing that, but I think I know how to replicate the openai.com one.
I like you're response to my email; since they don't include what they're responding to, I won't reply to yours, and just reply to mine.
My first email @ 23 Sep 2024 12:32:53 +1000.
Your first email @ 23 Sep 2024 12:38:57 +1000 sai "Thanks for reaching out. We're here to help with any questions or concerns related to OpenAI's services, including ChatGPT, the OpenAI API, and DALL–E. If you have any questions or need assistance related to OpenAI's services, please feel free to ask, and we'll do our best to help.".
Your second email @ 23 Sep 2024 12:39:12 +1000 sai "Rate your conversation", with 5 emos; this secondary redundancy couldn't been appended to the primary redundancy.

PSS: It's working now; thanks!
